[NATSUME]
Unreal.
[GEAR B]
Please, help.
‐‐[GEAR C] It hurts.
‐‐[GEAR D] I can't move.
This is the battlefield.
You sure you still
wanna become a soldier?
[BUTCHER A]
Right, just like that!
[BUTCHER B]
How many of 'em came out edible?
[BUTCHER C]
Come help me out with this.
[BUTCHER D]
Let's get that loaded up.
[BUTCHER E] There they
are again, same as always.
[BUTCHER F]
And they'll throw themselves
back on the field next time too.
Damnedest thing.
[KURENAI]
To their parents,
they were good sons
and daughters.
To their children,
their spouses,
their loyalty and
their devotion ran deep.
And to all of us,
at the cost of their own lives.
Even in the vastness
of our world,
these warriors lived
fiercely and shone bright.
So let us take pride
in the way they lived,
and after their long struggle,
may their souls
at last rest in peace.
[TANKER B]
This isn't fair, Dad.
I'm not ready for you to go!
[sobs]
[NARRATOR] Deca‐dence,
a cutting‐edge attraction
from the Solid Quake
corporation.
A massive
entertainment facility,
offering a truly
unprecedented experience.
[NARRATOR]
Nothing virtual. Pure reality.
This is the sprawling
continent of Eurasia.
A vast, real‐world arena,
where players
will seek out adventure
aboard the mobile fortress,
Deca‐dence.
On arrival,
you'll join the Gears
and customize an avatar
to your own specifications.
And then, you'll team up
with your friends to do battle
with the deadly creatures
known as the Gadoll!
[CYBORG A] So, like,
what happens when you die?
Your avatar is
a physical object,
meaning player death
is permanent.
Damn. That seems stressful.
Yeah, but the tension
is the best part!
You should give it a shot, man.
Bet you'd like it!
[NARRATOR] Full freedom
of movement in zero G!
Gain experience and aim to
become the top‐ranking Gear!
Deploy a huge arsenal
of weapons and armor!
And below the Gears' floor,
in the town of Tank,
you can meet the remnants
of an endangered species.
Enjoy the thrill of real combat
on a colossal scale
in this state‐of‐the‐art
experience
that leaves nine out
of ten players satisfied!
[ANNOUNCER]
Annihilation of large‐class
Gadoll giland successful.
Congratulations to all staff.
Keep your oxyone supply stocked,
and please don't forget
to reboot as necessary.
And with that.
Have a profitable day.
[MAX]
Hey, hey, Kaburagi.
Killin' it out there!
Yeah?
I saw the whole thing.
Huh?
I think it's safe
to say you still got it!
Huh? Was I on the monitors?
[MAX]
Of course! You're a badass, bro!
Man. I bet it felt like you
were back on top again.
Hey, dude, you with me?
The hell? Kaburagi?
[MAX] Didn't you come here
to fill up on oxyone?
Okay, bye.
Guy's a weirdo.
Dammit.
No more.
I'm done with the battlefield.
[MIKEY] Do you know anything
about limiter releasing,
Mister Donatello?
Where'd you hear that term?
All I know's you
shouldn't mess with it.
[MIKEY]
What?
Come on, I just wanna
find out a little more!
Good kid like
you's got no business
gettin' caught up
in all that stuff.
Aww, man!
Grump.
Listen, Mikey.
What do you figure it's like
to have an arm ripped off?
Uh. Painful, I guess?
Shudup, Turkey.
Loosen up a little.
Not like I can
tell him how to do it.
It's fine! Please continue.
Hmph! You're both fools.
Not my problem.
[TURKEY]
So yeah.
If your avatar lost
an arm in a fight,
you'd get the sensory
feedback, and it'd hurt,
but your actual arm
would be totally fine, right?
Of course it'd be fine.
Nobody would play a game
that chops off their real limbs.
But with your limiter released,
any damage taken by your avatar
would cause damage
to your real body too.
Uh. Wouldn't that
be dangerous, though?
[TURKEY]
It is.
Screw up and you'll be
scrapped in a second.
But at the same time,
your avatar's restrictions
will be gone,
so its physical abilities
will get a huge boost.
[MIKEY] Risk your body
and gain power in return.
Yeah, that's the gist of it.
This technique.
You know it?
[KABURAGI]
Nah. That's not my thing.
Oh, I didn't mean anything
by it, Mister Kaburagi!
Guess you're just that good.
[KABURAGI]
I hear some freaks hacked it in
'cause they wanted more pain
than the game was givin' 'em.
Screwin' around with that stuff.
You'd have to be some
kinda nutjob or deviant.
Am I right?
[KABURAGI]
Sounds about right to me.
[MINATO] Gentlemen,
I'm going to assume you meant
to have this conversation
in private mode
and pretend
I didn't hear any of it.
Coming up on
the intercept point.
Show them what
a top ranker means.
[DONATELLO] Expect no less
from the great Donatello.
We're gonna tear 'em
all to shreds!
Now let me hear it!
‐‐[TURKEY] Hell yeah!
‐‐[RANKER B] Yes sir!
Let's do this thing!
[DONATELLO]
It's party time!
[RANKER A]
Go! Go! Go!
He's so cool!
Ah... That's good.
Hey, what's up Kaburagi?
Whoa, you got
the high‐grade oxyone!
Oh, hey there, Max.
Looks like you're
jonesin' for some beams.
Guess there's no
hidin' it from a top‐ranker.
Think you could help me out?
[sighs] Fine, twist my arm.
Let's go.
[MAX] Nice, any chance
I could get some oxyone too?
[KABURAGI] Sorry but
that's gonna be a no‐go.
Huh. Look, it's Mikey.
It seems like he's been tearin'
up the rankings here lately.
[KABURAGI]
Has he?
[MAX]
I mean obviously,
he's still nowhere close
to your level right now.
Oh...
[KABURAGI]
Hmm.
Hey. Sorry for
imposing on you like this.
[KABURAGI]
You're fine. Whaddya need?
[MIKEY] I feel like my progress
has been kinda slow lately,
and I was hoping you might
have some advice for me.
Uh. You think this is slow?
Well. I came
pretty far, pretty fast,
but I kind of hit a plateau,
and I'm not sure
what's holding me back.
Is there something wrong?
I get your point,
but I think you're better
off asking Donatello.
Huh?
[MIKEY]
What's that on screen?
Forget it.
I was right.
You know the technique
to release the limiter!
You can teach me!
Tell me how!
You're a top‐ranking
player as it stands.
You've got nothing
left to prove.
[MIKEY]
There was a time
when I would have accepted
that without question.
That's what we are.
The company's property.
Interchangeable
pieces in a system.
I would have done my job
till I got scrapped like
we're all supposed to do.
But then I made it
to the top ranks!
I can't go back now!
I refuse to be expendable!
But I know, at this rate,
I'm gonna lose my ranking.
Do... Do you realize
you can't take it back?
[MIKEY]
I won't get caught!
There are plenty of players
getting away with it.
[KABURAGI]
But we're the best of the best.
It's different for us.
If you get caught,
you'll get written off
as a bug and scrapped.
I have to break
through this damn wall!
[MIKEY]
Please!
I'm begging you.
Help me take that step!
[KABURAGI]
Twenty percent and no more.
Never exceed
the limiter's threshold
by more than 20 percent.
That'll allow your body
to take a hit or two.
Ah! Thank you so much, sir!
[DONATELLO]
The hell kinda face is that?
Cut it out.
Hah, sorry.
Just itchin' to get out there.
Are you thinking about
the fight or the rankings?
The fight, of course!
I'm really excited to be here!
[TURKEY]
If you say so.
[MINATO]
Your attention, gentlemen.
We're approaching
the intercept point.
Get ready to do your thing.
[MIKEY]
This is it.
More!
I need more!
[HUGIN]
The world must be free of bugs.
[CYBORG C cries]
Mercy, please!
[MUNIN]
Pipa pipa, pipa!
[HUGIN] Violating
confidentiality is a major bug.
We'll be repossessing this.
It remains a valuable resource.
[MUNIN]
Papi! Papi! Papi. Papi.
Indeed. This matter
calls for decisive action.
We can't abide cheating
in the top ranks.
How horrible. Why?
Aww, Mikey.
So. Spill it!
Who told him to do it?
Was it you, Turkey?
[TURKEY]
No! I swear!
[CYBORG E]
Back off, Donatello!
[CYBORG F]
Get off him!
[CYBORG H]
Stay out of this!
They're like children.
[HUGIN]
Kaburagi.
Please pardon
the use of restraints.
It has been deemed necessary
in light of recent actions
by your fellow top‐rankers.
Why am I here?
Mikey was discovered
to have performed
a prohibited limiter release,
and accordingly, was scrapped.
Your team has been disbanded.
The team? But they
had nothing to do with it!
[MIKEY] Risk your body
and gain power in return.
[KABURAGI]
I hear some freaks hacked it in
'cause they wanted more pain
than the game was givin' 'em.
[HUGIN] From this exchange,
the system determined
that the issue will sow disorder
among ranking players.
Going forward, you will
work to quell said disorder,
under our command.
An armor repairer by day, and
then recovery agent by night.
Recovering what?
[HUGIN]
A small, but significant portion
of the human population
may become capable
of bringing trouble
to our world.
In simple terms, they're bugs.
And I'm sure you're already
well aware of the danger
that a bug may pose
if left uncorrected.
The system is tasked with
eliminating those bugs.
You will be dispatched
to recover the chips
embedded in their bodies.
You are also called
upon to discover
and report bugs
within the population.
Do you have reservations?
As you know, we're
both company property
if you wish to refuse.
[KABURAGI] I don't intend
to fight the system.
[HUGIN]
That's a good attitude.
Far better than Donatello
and the others.
What does that mean?
[HUGIN]
They wouldn't see reason.
They all refused to follow
the system's directives.
We had no choice but to send
them away for corrections.
Are you saying...
[HUGIN]
Now, repeat after me.
"The world must be
free of bugs."
Yes, Kaburagi?
Tch. The world must
be free of bugs.
Nah. That's for me to decide.
Isn't that right, Mikey?
[NATSUME] I'm begging you,
teach me how to fight like that!
I have to join The Power.
I need it more than anything!
[KABURAGI]
You're still on about that?
Look at Fennel.
Do what he did
if you have any sense.
He got some work inside
'cause he's been terrified
to come out here
since the incident.
I won't get killed,
and I won't give up.
You won't convince me, either.
[NATSUME]
If it's like that,
I'm really sorry, Boss, but
you've left me no other choice.
Please don't hate me for this!
[gasps] When did you...?
If you won't teach me to fight,
I'm telling
everybody about Pipe!
You'll be kicked off Deca‐dence
and left to the wasteland,
and cute little Pipe will
end up in someone's lunch!
Seriously?
You're gonna blackmail me?
If that's what you take away
from it, then, yeah.
[KABURAGI]
Have fun.
[NATSUME]
Sorry.
I didn't mean all of that.
I only took the
photo for myself.
But why won't you train me?
[KABURAGI]
I'm living in this cage now.
My whole routine is
set until the day I die.
[KABURAGI]
And we're not far from it now.
[NATSUME]
Good evening!
Hi there!
Nice to see you, Natsume!
[NATSUME] The price has
gotten even higher!
[SHOP OWNER] We're not
seeing a steady supply lately.
There goes all my cash.
Okay, that's it!
Whoa.
Is that my boss?
Huh? Who, dear?
[SHOP OWNER]
Natsume!
What's the matter?
What the heck?
Where'd he go?
What's he doing out here?
No way!
Could he be...?
What do I do?
Boss!
You can't do things like this!
[KABURAGI]
Did you see me just now?
Really.
For yours to be
the last chip I pull.
Who would've guessed?
Hold on.
It's not processing you.
Nothing you've said to me
makes a damn bit of sense, Boss!
But what's important here
is that you were pickpocketing
that passed‐out guy!
That can't be the kind of person
you truly are inside, can it?
I believe you're
stronger than that!
Even if you're feeling
caged right now.
You can't give up on yourself.
You gotta stay in the fight!
If you need money that bad,
then here, take this!
It's as much as I can give!
[laughs]
Don't you dare laugh at me!
Are you too good for
my pathetic life savings?
[KABURAGI] You win.
I've picked my last pocket.
Just go home already.
[NATSUME] You're still
mocking me, you jerkwad!
[KABURAGI]
It makes no sense.
All the humans are
managed through chips.
She thought I was
pickpocketing the guy,
but she still should've
been processed.
What?
How is that possible?
[gasps]
No way.
Does this mean that the system
doesn't recognize that girl?
A bug.
So! The long and short of it is,
they didn't let me
enlist in The Power.
Isn't that crap?
[KABURAGI]
Mikey. Listen. I think.
That smile is
creepin' me out, kid.
What exactly changed your mind
about helping me
become a soldier?
[KABURAGI]
Good question.
Guess I was curious about how a
bug could get by in this world,
if someone gave it a chance.
Okay, and when you say bug...
[KABURAGI]
I mean you.
As in, a tiny, weak,
annoying creature.
[NATSUME]
Can you stop being a jerk?
[KABURAGI] Promise you won't
keep trying if you suck.
[NATSUME]
Uh! I refuse.
Wow, this place is awesome!
Uh‐huh. First time?
[NATSUME] I'm not in The Power,
so yeah, obviously.
[NATSUME gasps]
So this is the Gears' base!
It's like I've stepped
into another world!
This is so cool!
Skin shop?
Like, they sell skin?
Hey, wait a minute!
[KABURAGI] If the world
must be free of bugs,
she can't be allowed
to go on living.
[KABURAGI] If the world
must be free of bugs,
this girl's existence
is devoid of value.
[KABURAGI]
But in that moment,
I know, without a doubt...
...she saved me.